he used the stones again hey we'd be
going in short-handed you know look he's
still got the stones so that's gonna use
them to bring everyone back just like
that yeah just like that even if there's
a small chance that we can undo this I
mean we owe it to everyone who's not in
this room to try if we do this how do we
know it's gonna end any differently than
it did before because before you didn't
have me hey new girl everybody in this
room is about that superhero life and if
you don't mind my asking where the hell
have you been all this time there are a
lot of other planets in the universe and
unfortunately they didn't have you guys
[Music]
I like this one
let's go get this son of
[Music]